Implements/126 - Describe how authentication with the web-api works (#224)
aau-giraf/wiki: docs/development/rest_api_development/TokenAuthentication.md

One can then set the token in the authentication header: ```Authorization: Bearer <token>```

And thus a request to get all department names would look like this:

```bash
curl -X GET "http://localhost:5000/v1/Department" -H "accept: text/plain" -H "Authorization: Bearer <token>"
```

For examples of how to do this in swagger see the README file at the [web-api repository](https://github.com/aau-giraf/web-api).

## How is JWT configured in GIRAF

The configuration is loaded in the `Startup.cs` class:

```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
{
    //commented out for brevity...
    services.Configure<JwtConfig>(Configuration.GetSection("Jwt"));
    //commented out for brevity...
}
```

Thus the settings are configured in `appsettings.json` in the section called `Jwt`:

```json
{
    ...
    "Jwt": {
        "JwtKey": "<30 symbol jwtkey>",
        "JwtIssuer": "AAU",
        "JwtExpireDays": 30
    }
    ...
}
```

## What is a JWT?

> JSON Web Token is an authentication token, which actually contains user information, as opposed to API keys.Traditionally api keys can be a GUID or a nonsense string, which is really a primarykey in a database, when supplied in the header of an HTTP request, the backend will then make an appropriate lookup across tables or with its authentication service to ascertain the rights of the user in question, if any. A JWT works differently: It actually contains serialized information about the user, and their access rights, this has the advantage of saving the service from database lookups, to obtain the information. It also contains a timstamp, by which the service can determine whether it is still valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON Web Token is an authentication token, which actually contains user information, as opposed to API keys. Traditionally API keys can be a GUID or a nonsense string, which is really a primary key in a database, when supplied in the header of an HTTP request, the backend will then make an appropriate lookup across tables or with its authentication service to ascertain the rights of the user in question, if any. A JWT works differently: It actually contains serialized information about the user, and their access rights, this has the advantage of saving the service from database lookups, to obtain the information. It also contains a timestamp, by which the service can determine whether it is still valid.
```

Reviewer: It is just two added spaces and two spelling mistakes fixed.

> JSON Web Token is an authentication token, which actually contains user information, as opposed to API keys. Traditionally api keys can be a GUID or a nonsense string, which is really a primary key in a database, when supplied in the header of an HTTP request, the backend will then make an appropriate lookup across tables or with its authentication service to ascertain the rights of the user in question, if any. A JWT works differently: It actually contains serialized information about the user, and their access rights, this has the advantage of saving the service from database lookups, to obtain the information. It also contains a timestamp, by which the service can determine whether it is still valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON Web Token is an authentication token, which actually contains user information, as opposed to API keys. Traditionally, API keys can be a GUID or a nonsense string, which is really a primary key in a database, when supplied in the header of an HTTP request, the backend will then make an appropriate lookup across tables or with its authentication service to ascertain the rights of the user in question, if any. A JWT works differently: It actually contains serialized information about the user, and their access rights, this has the advantage of saving the service from database lookups, to obtain the information. It also contains a timestamp, by which the service can determine whether it is still valid.
```

Reviewer: Correction: "api" -> "API"
